Missing Inverse Attributes and Spatial Interference CTs (#264)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Templates/Object Connectivity/Spatial Structure/Spatial Interference/Spatial Interference With Zones/Documentation.md

The _Spatial Interference with Zone_ concept is an extension of the _Spatial Inteference_ concept which defines the relationship of spatial elements, such as facilities (_IfcFacility_ & specialised subtypes) or faclity parts (_IfcFacilityPart_ with domain specific predefined types) that interfere or interface with other spatial elements across discipline spatial hierarchy branches, and extends the dataset with an related inteference _IfcSpatialZone_ via the _IfcRelInterferesElements.InterferenceSpace_ attribute. The realizing _IfcSpatialZone_ should always have the _PredefinedType_ value set to INTERFERENCE.

The addition of a realizing _ifcSpatialZone_ extends the functionality of this relationship with the following:
- The ability to attach property sets to the co-engineering (or interference) zone.

> - Allows overlapping footprint or body geometry to remain relevent to the _IfcSpatialElement_s and then define an explicit shared  footprint or body geometry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allows overlapping footprint or body geometry to remain relevant to the _IfcSpatialElement_s and then define an explicit shared  footprint or body geometry.
```

Reviewer: Sentence feels a little bit strange to me. Could it be "Allows explicit definition of the shared footprint or body geometry representing the zone where the _IfcSpatialElement_s interfere" or something similar?

> - Allows overlapping footprint or body geometry to remain relevent to the _IfcSpatialElement_s and then define an explicit shared  footprint or body geometry.

Author: ```suggestion
- Allows explicit definition of the shared footprint or body geometry representing the zone where the _IfcSpatialElement_s interfere, without impacting the footprint or body geometry of the interfering _IfcSpatialElement_s
```

> - Allows overlapping footprint or body geometry to remain relevent to the _IfcSpatialElement_s and then define an explicit shared  footprint or body geometry.

Author: ```suggestion
- Allows explicit definition of the shared footprint or body geometry representing the zone where the _IfcSpatialElement_s interfere, without impacting the footprint or body geometry of the interfering _IfcSpatialElement_s
```

> - Allows overlapping footprint or body geometry to remain relevant to the _IfcSpatialElement_s and then define an explicit shared  footprint or body geometry.

Author: ```suggestion
- Allows explicit definition of the shared footprint or body geometry representing the zone where the _IfcSpatialElement_s interfere, without impacting the footprint or body geometry of the interfering _IfcSpatialElement_s
```
